# Hoare Advanced Homework Assistant Parser
Handwritten parser aimed at transpilation of the HAHA language.

## Overview
This is a from-scratch implementation of a parser for the language of the [Hoare Advanced Homework Assistant \(HAHA\)](http://haha.mimuw.edu.pl/). Most language constructs are supported, but there are currently some limitations (see below). This implementation does not draw on any of the files originally shipped with HAHA, and is entirely handwritten (i.e. was not generated by a parser generator). I needed this working quickly and at the time grappling with the likes of ANTLR just wasn't worth it.

This parser is primarily aimed at the transpilation of simple HAHA program to other languages (such as Java, C, C++ etc.) and is therefore currently missing many features.

## Installation
You can pull this package into your Maven project straight from here using JitPack. Add JitPack as a repository first:

```
<repositories>
    <repository>
        <id>jitpack.io</id>
        <url>https://jitpack.io</url>
    </repository>
</repositories>
```

Then add this project as a dependency:

```
<dependencies>
    <dependency>
        <groupId>com.github.lambdacasserole</groupId>
        <artifactId>haha-parser</artifactId>
        <version>v1.0</version>
    </dependency>
</dependencies>
```

## Limitations
This parser is currently subject to some limitations:
* Parsing does not descend all the way to the expression level. Conditional/loop predicates and the right-hand side of assignments are all left unparsed.
* Predicates, axioms, invariants, preconditions, and postconditions are left unparsed.
